# Tamil-Cinema-is-one-of-the-well-received-entertainments-of-Tamil-people-in-Tamilnadu-India.

No other entertainment has got such red carpet reception from people of Tamilnadu. Even in this internet age most of the users search, read, comment, <a href="http://www.cinemapettai.com/category/movie-reviews">Tamil Cinema Reviews</a>, upload about Tamil cinema than any other entertainments. India produces more than 1,500 movies every year; in these 1500 movies <a href="http://www.cinemapettai.com">Tamil Cinema</a> industry tops the list in producing maximum number of movies in the year. Out of the INR 93 Billion revenue tamil cinemas contribution is enormous and significant. Main reason for the success of Tamil cinema is its fans and Tamil people. Tamil people are not only in India but they are majorly in Srilanka, Singapore, Malaysia, Canada, Europe and other south Asian countries. 

Tamil cinema industry with the capital in Chennai caters to all these people, even though people live in different countries culture, food, likeability are same so Tamil cinema industry could able to get good revenue from overseas distribution. 

Right from first Tamil silent movie “Keechaka Vadham”, first talkie movie “Kalidas”, and this craze started among Tamil people all over the world. Tamil superstars M.K.Thyagaraja Bhagavathar, M.G. Ramachandran, Rajinikanth, Ajith and Vijay are considered as superstars; N.S.Krishnan, Sivaji Ganesan, Kamal Hassan, Vikram and Surya are considered as versatile actors of Tamil Cinema in their respective periods.  In a movie hero used to get maximum credit even though there are many other technicians put their efforts. Among the above mentioned actors most popular is M.G.Ramachandran(MGR). He capitalized his popularity to establish his political party DMK after the sad demise of his leader C.N Annadurai and clashes with his friend M.Karunanidhi he used the same popularity to rollout his own political party ADMK and captured the power in Tamilnadu. 

Tamil Cinema’s power and popularity was widely appreciated when MGR came to power in Tamilnadu and it attracted many youngsters to Tamil cinema.  After MGR, RajiniKanth’s stardom took Tamil Cinema to new heights in India, South Asian Countries and even in China and Japan. Now this multibillion dollar industry attracts many corporate investments from all over the world.  
